so it's charges to declare if you've got
any I just the wonderful John's going to
charge that left flank it will leave
Duncan quite unsupported in the center
so you better watch it shouldn't think
you'll have any problem you may enroll
now you know you're going on that
alright that's the only chart he must be
nothing else can charge no everything
else is you know for charging backwards
I'd have time to do nothing but turn to
face you so well that's the remnants of
Duncan's cavalry he's been caught on the
hop
well my rotors are long a lot of details
right then the normal noise with
infantry normal moves
I think his time came up to support
what are some months
right then next move these are in route
that's a compulsory move back they're
going to sweep away these Musketeers -
so 20 inches wings in behind this gun
that's that I don't think you can agree
on that all being they were pursuant way
off the board oddly so Charlie many
charges just the one having thrown all
his firepower into the centre John now
wants to charge he's hoping to wrap the
lead unit who in turn will cause the
unit behind to follow suit nine you'll
charge sue I'll throw a wrench intestacy
funny receive your channel to read
encounter charge Duncan has a problem
his own troops are running past each
other the wrong way and morale is
affected and that center unit although
the lifeguard has earth caliber second
to none it has been shot to pieces and
although not routed it's not exactly
moving forward if Duncan Center
collapses through burden morale there's
nothing he can do and that'll be the end
for him in fact on their route which i
think is twelve inches there inevitably
gonna sweep away this other unit or go
right through it and that will wrap to
so you know I I don't see how I can win
this now I think I'm as well concede the
game to you
so you see this time we have reversed
history with a decisive win for the
parliamentarians in spite of Prince
Rupert's success in that one charge
Duncan was pressed into a position from
which there was no escape and John in
spite of losing that first melee on his
left flank
cleverly drew the rail at Royal lists
from their superior position up on the
ridge
pounded away with his guns and then when
the morale of Duncan's troops was
suitably and justifiably at its lowest
ebb he pulled a flanker on the remaining
royalist cavalry putting his troops into
the comfortable position of being able
to fire into the Life Guards without
hindrance they couldn't fight back they
had no support and no time but even if
they had their time the morale was
destroyed well that's all for this week
and I hope you've enjoyed the program I
hope you'll join us next time when we
will be looking at Waterloo goodbye